>> On a new series,
"The Retreat,"
heading for a retreat on an
island in the North China Sea,
Nick Knowles joins a group who
are all seeking the antidote
for the strains of modern life.
This week on Gaia, on Season 2
of "Journey of Remembering"--
>> I reflect constantly
what is outside.
And it doesn't mean that
I am creating the outside.
I am just creating my
image of the outside
from my own perspective.
>> On "Journeys into the Soul"--
>> I'm not frightened anymore.
I can see my good and
bad sides, and I really
want to nurture all of them.
And the bad sides really
need my love and attention.
>> On "Stairway to the Stars"--
>> The most important key to
truly living a liberated life
in a liberated world
is freedom from within.
>> On "Dragonfly
enLightening Talks"--
>> Short-term inflammation
is protective.
It is the beginning of your
repair and your regeneration.
>> On "Open Minds with
Regina Meredith"--
>> It's about what's happening
in your heart and your spirit.
We've lost that connection.
Until we get that
connection back,
we're really not going
to progress much.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory"--
>> You can learn.
You can grow through
either chaos or harmony.
They're both available to us.
>> Only on Gaia.